I assume there is data on the users, I would then suggest to add an additional
column for the users table. This coulumn would be a boolean, and it can be named is_payment_saved.
It would be based on the users data, and we can model this easily with a case statement about 
the payment information. Then, this boolean can be used to create a button for the 'one click checkout'.
I would collaborate with the software engineers for this. I think that the one click checkout should 
only be visible when a user is logged in, so I would suggest this to the Product Manager and 
the development team. I would also suggest to add a small text on the website for users that do not have their 
payment details saved, and this would be something such as "Save your payment details now to activate
One Click Checkout!", and there could be a hover feature on this text that explains what the one click
checkout is. This text can also be a button that leads to the payment page when clicked on.
Again, a user would only see this text when logged in. I would also ask the development
team to track each time the one click checkout button is clicked. 

When the feature is launched, I would wait a month to determine if it is successful. 
I would check the data on how many tickets were sold since the launch of the new feature, and how many of these
tickets were purchased using the one click checkout. I would also check how many users saved their payment information
after the new feature was launched. I would check the data about the one click checkout to see if 
there is an upward trend of users using this feature at the end of the month compared to the beginning of the month. I would 
take all of these points into consideration to determine if the feature is successful. I would also check how the team measures success
for previous features, and I would compare the percentages of users that used the one click feature after a month of its 
launch, to the percentage of users that used a different feature after a month of that feature's launch.
